Position summary:300100 

AI & Data

In this age of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence, embracing decision making with clear, data-driven choices that deliver enterprise value in a dynamic business environment.

The AI & Data team leverages the power of data, analytics, robotics, science and cognitive technologies to uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data, generate insights, and inform decision-making. The offering portfolio helps clients transform their business by architecting organizational intelligence programs and differentiated strategies to win in their chosen markets.



AI & Data will work with our clients to:

Implement large-scale data ecosystems including data management, governance and the integration of structured and unstructured data to generate insights leveraging cloud-based platforms
Leverage automation, cognitive and science-based techniques to manage data, predict scenarios and prescribe action
Job Title: Data Scientist/Machine Learning Engg

Job Summary: We are seeking a Data Scientist with experience in leveraging data, machine learning, statistics and AI technologies to generate insights and inform decision-making. You will work on large-scale data ecosystems and collaborate with a team to implement data-driven solutions.

Key Responsibilities:

Deliver large-scale DS/ML end to end projects across multiple industries and domains
Liaison with on-site and client teams to understand various business problem statements, use cases and project requirements
Work with a team of Data Engineers, ML/AI Engineers, DevOps, and other Data & AI professionals to deliver projects from inception to implementation
Utilize maths/stats, AI, and cognitive techniques to analyze and process data, predict scenarios, and prescribe actions.
Drive a human-led culture of Inclusion & Diversity by caring deeply for all team members


Qualifications:

3-6 years of relevant hands-on experience in Data Science, Machine Learning, Statistical Modeling
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in a quantitative field.
Must have strong hands-on experience with programming languages like Python, PySpark and SQL, and frameworks such as Numpy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, etc.
Expertise in Classification, Regression, Time series, Decision Trees, Optimization, etc.
Hands on knowledge of Docker containerization, GIT, Tableau or PowerBI
Model deployment on Cloud or On-prem will be an added advantage
Familiar with Databricks, Snowflake, or Hyperscalers (AWS/Azure/GCP/NVIDIA)
Should follow research papers, comprehend and innovate/present the best approaches/solutions related to DS/ML
AI/Cloud certification from a premier institute is preferred.

========================================
Position summary: 300093 

AI & Data

In this age of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence, embracing decision making with clear, data-driven choices that deliver enterprise value in a dynamic business environment.

The AI & Data team leverages the power of data, analytics, robotics, science and cognitive technologies to uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data, generate insights, and inform decision-making. The offering portfolio helps clients transform their business by architecting organizational intelligence programs and differentiated strategies to win in their chosen markets.

AI & Data will work with our clients to:

- Implement large-scale data ecosystems including data management, governance and the integration of structured and unstructured data to generate insights leveraging cloud-based platforms
- Leverage automation, cognitive and science-based techniques to manage data, predict scenarios and prescribe actions
- Drive operational efficiency by maintaining their data ecosystems, sourcing analytics expertise and providing As-a-Service offerings for continuous insights and improvements


Azure Databricks Data Engineer (3 to 6)

Job Title: Consultant

Job Summary: As a Azure Databricks Data engineer, you will lead and implement advanced data analytics and engineering solutions using Databricks on Azure. This role requires a deep understanding of big data technologies, cloud services, and data architecture strategies. You will be instrumental in transforming data into actionable insights that drive business decisions.

Key Responsibilities:

Design and implement scalable, high-performance data solutions using Databricks on Azure platform
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to integrate big data solutions with existing IT infrastructure.
Develop and optimize data pipelines, architectures, and data sets.
Perform data modeling, data validation, and ensure data accuracy and reliability.
Implement machine learning algorithms and data processing workflows.
Provide expertise in data storage solutions and manage large-scale data ingestion and transformation.
Implement CI/CD based application development methodology using tools like Azure DevOps/Jenkins/TFS/power shell etc.
Ensure compliance with data security and privacy policies.
Mentor junior team members and lead project segments.
Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field.
3-6 years of experience in data engineering with a proven track record in using Databricks on Azure
Strong knowledge of Python, SQL, PySpark and Scala (optional)
Experience with cloud services such as cloud Databases, storage accounts ADLS Gen2, Azure Key vault, Cosmos DB, Azure Data factory, Azure Synapse is plus
Experience in building metadata driven ingestion and DQ framework using PySpark
Strong understanding of Lakehouse, Apache Spark, Delta Lake, and other big data technologies.
Experience working with data toolsets, including data warehouse, data marts, data lake, 3NF, and dimensional model
Experience in building pipelines using Delta live tables, autoloader, Databricks workflows for orchestration.  Experience with Apache airflow will be plus.
Experience with Databricks Unity catalog is plus.
Experience in implementing fine grained access control using Databricks Unity catalog features is plus
Experience in performance optimization in Databricks/Apache spark
Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively in a team environment.
Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills.
